[C++ for OpenCL] define __opencl_cpp_global_destructors (#510)
KhronosGroup/OpenCL-Docs: cxx4opencl/address_spaces.txt

Construction, initialization and destruction of objects in `+__private+`
and `+__global+` address space follow the general principles of {cpp}. For
program scope objects or static objects in the function scope with non-trivial
constructors and destructors, the implementation defines an ABI format for
runtime initialization and destruction of global objects before/after all
kernels are enqueued.

> Non-trivial destructors for global objects is not required to be supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-trivial destructors for global objects are not required to be supported
```

> by all implementations. The predefined macro `__opencl_cpp_global_destructor`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by all implementations. The macro `__opencl_cpp_global_destructor`,
```

Construction, initialization and destruction of objects in `+__private+`
and `+__global+` address space follow the general principles of {cpp}. For

> program scope objects, the implementation (i.e. compiler) defines an ABI

Reviewer 2: If I read this correctly, trivial ctor/dtor are unconditionally supported, right?

Author: Yes, that's right... they are resolved at compile time so to say i.e. there is nothing to be done by the runtime.

constructors and destructors, the implementation defines an ABI format for
runtime initialization and destruction of global objects before/after all
kernels are enqueued.

> Non-trivial destructors with global objects is not required to be supported

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Non-trivial destructors for global objects is not required to be supported
```
?

> by all implementations. The predefined macro `__opencl_cpp_global_destructor`
> can be used to check whether destruction of such objects is supported
> automatically. If destructors are supported this macro will be defined and if
> they are not supported the macro is not defined during the compilation of
> kernel code.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph could be slightly simplified by using "if and only if".
```suggestion
by all implementations. The predefined macro `__opencl_cpp_global_destructor`,
which is defined if and only if such destructors are supported by the implementation,
can be used to check whether this functionality is available when compiling kernel code.
```
What do you think?
